README.md, before:

Have you been finding yourself lost on the nba.com boxscore page? this light extension will highlight all that matters to you so you could keep track of your favorite team and players.

★ No setup required!
★ Highlight rows and columns on mouse hover
★ Colorize notable stats and team leaders
★ Remove DNP player rows
★ Sticky table headers when you scroll down

It works on any nba.com boxscore page and for every game, just navigate to a game's boxscore and watch the magic!
Screenshots taken from:
https://www.nba.com/game/dal-vs-sas-0022000237/box-score

You're welcome to send feature requests and bug reports as I will try and keep it updated.

IMPORTANT - this extension is and always will be for free, and will NEVER include ads. It was made for my own personal use and thought I should share it with the world.


Hope you'll enjoy it!

Be kind.



Changelog:
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾

➤ 1.2:
    • Colorize player name cells + team header according to its respective colors
    • Zoom first row and column of currently hovered cell

➤ 1.1:
    • Wizard now supports different periods such as quarter of half
    • Added sticky headers when you scroll past the table header

Commit message:

add live game support + localized time of game

README.md, after:

Have you been finding yourself lost on the nba.com boxscore page? this light extension will highlight all that matters to you so you could keep track of your favorite team and players.

★ Get localized time for upcoming games🆕
★ Sticky table headers when you scroll down🆕
★ No setup required!
★ Highlight rows and columns on mouse hover
★ Colorize notable stats and team leaders
★ Remove DNP player rows

It works on any nba.com boxscore page and for every game, just navigate to a game's boxscore and watch the magic!
Screenshots taken from:
https://www.nba.com/game/lal-vs-mil-0022000226/box-score

You're welcome to send feature requests and bug reports as I will try and keep it updated.

IMPORTANT - this extension is and always will be for free, and will NEVER include ads. It was made for my own personal use and thought I should share it with the world.

Hope you'll enjoy it!
Be kind.


Changelog:
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
➤ 1.2.1:
    • Update table cells in live games as well (experimental)

➤ 1.2.0:
    • Colorize player name cells + team header according to its respective colors
    • Zoom first row and column of currently hovered cell
    • Add localized time of a game above the ET time which is displayed by default in the nba.com/games list

➤ 1.1.0:
    • Wizard now supports different periods such as quarter or half
    • Add sticky headers when you scroll past the table header
